Feat/about info of repo (#11)
Pandora-IsoMemo/pandora-data: vignettes/how-to-use-pandora-data.Rmd

Data package, allowing users to explore and retrieve information about networks, 
repositories, file types, and resources.

# Show all Networks

To show all available networks use the `getNetworks()` function:

```{r networks}
networks <- getNetworks()
networks %>% 
  knitr::kable()
```

# List Repositories

To list all available repositories use the `getRepositories()` function. You can 
filter the output using the `network` and `pattern` arguments. For instance, to 
list all repositories in the `IsoMemo` network:

```{r repositories}
reposIsomemo <- getRepositories(
  network = "IsoMemo"
  )

reposIsomemo[c("Repository")]  %>% 
  knitr::kable()
```

# List Available File Types

Use the `getFileTypes()` function to list all available file types. The 
following example showcases file types available in the 'IsoMemo' network:

```{r filetypes}
fileTypesIsomemo <- getFileTypes(network = "isomemo")
fileTypesIsomemo  %>% 
  knitr::kable()
```

# Filter Resources by pattern or File Type

To list all available resources, employ the `getResources()` function. Filter 
the output using the `network`, `repository`, `fileType`, and `pattern` 

> arguments. Forinstance, to list all CSV files with the string `plants`:

Author: ```suggestion
arguments. For instance, to list all CSV files whose meta information contains the string `plants`:
```
